Codec Server updates - EDU-828 (#2126)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/prod-readiness-context/how-to-set-up-codec-server.md

Because you create, operate, and manage access to your Codec Server in your controlled environment, ensure that you consider the following:

- When you set your codec endpoint with your Web UI, expect your Codec Server to receive a large number of requests per Workflow Execution from the Web UI.
- Ensure that you secure access your Codec Server.
  For details, see [Authorization](#authorization).

>   <!--Need a better way to explain this; with temporal cloud, the decrypted data is sent to the browser; there is no guarantee that the cloud ui is hosted in a particular region etc.> need clearer way to set this expectation.-->

Reviewer: Do we need to address the commented line <!-- Need a better way ...> as a dependency to publish the docs for the new Codec Server endpoint per Namespace?

Author: This is not a blocker.

After you create your Codec Server and expose the requisite endpoints, set the endpoints in your Web UI and CLI.

#### Web UI

> On Temporal Cloud and self-hosted Temporal Clusters, you can set the codec endpoints at a Namespace level in the Web UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Temporal Cloud and self-hosted Temporal Clusters, you can configure a Codec Server endpoint to be used for a Namespace in the Web UI.
```

![Codec Server endpoint setting](/img/docs/data-encoder-button.png)

To set a Codec Server endpoint on a Namespace, do the following.

1. In the Web UI, go to Namespaces, select the Namespace where you want to configure the Codec Server endpoint, and click **Edit**.

> 2. In the Codec Server section on the Namespace configuration page, enter your Codec Server endpoint and port number.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. In the **Codec Server** section on the Namespace configuration page, enter your Codec Server endpoint and port number.
```
Per https://developers.google.com/style/ui-elements#formatting.

> 3. [Optional] If your Codec Server is configured to [authenticate requests](#authorization) from Temporal Web UI, enable **Pass access token** to send a JWT access token with the HTTPS requests.
> 4. [Optional] If your Codec Server is configured to [verify origins of requests](#cors), enable **Include cross-origin credentials**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Optional: If your Codec Server is configured to [authenticate requests](#authorization) from Temporal Web UI, enable **Pass access token** to send a JWT access token with the HTTPS requests.
1. Optional: If your Codec Server is configured to [verify origins of requests](#cors), enable **Include cross-origin credentials**.
```

Setting a Codec Server endpoint on a Namespace enables it for all users on the Namespace.

> On Temporal Cloud, you must have [Namespace admin privileges](/cloud/#namespace-level-permissions) to add a Codec Server endpoint on the Namespace.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On Temporal Cloud, you must have [Namespace Admin privileges](/cloud/#namespace-level-permissions) to add a Codec Server endpoint on the Namespace.
```

All users on a Namespace have the option to override the Namespace-level setting at the browser level.

> Overriding the Namespace-level endpoint in your browser affects only your instance of the Web UI (both on Temporal Cloud and self-hosted Cluster).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Overriding the Namespace-level endpoint only affects your browser.
```

This can be useful when developing, testing, or troubleshooting encoding functionality.
To set a browser override for the Namespace-level endpoint, do the following.

1. Navigate to Workflows in your Namespace.
2. In the top-right corner, select **Configure Codec Server**.

> 3. Select whether you want to use the Namespace-level (or Cluster-level for self-hosted Cluster) or the browser-level Codec Endpoint setting as the default for your instance of the UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Select whether you want to use the Namespace-level (or Cluster-level for self-hosted Cluster) or the browser-level Codec Endpoint setting as the default for your browser.
```

> 3. Select whether you want to use the Namespace-level (or Cluster-level for self-hosted Cluster) or the browser-level Codec Endpoint setting as the default for your instance of the UI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Workflows** in your Namespace.
1. In the top-right corner, select **Configure Codec Server**.
1. Select whether you want to use the Namespace-level (or Cluster-level for self-hosted Cluster) or the browser-level Codec Endpoint setting as the default for your instance of the UI.
```

   In Temporal Cloud:

>    - Selecting **Use Namespace-level settings, where available. Otherwise, use my browser setting.** uses the Namespace-level Codec Server endpoint by default. If no endpoint is set on the Namespace, your browser setting is applied.
>    - Selecting **Use my browser setting and ignore Namespace-level setting.** applies your browser-level setting by default, overriding the Namespace-level Codec Server endpoint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - **Use Namespace-level settings, where available. Otherwise, use my browser setting.**
      Uses the Namespace-level Codec Server endpoint by default.
      If no endpoint is set on the Namespace, your browser setting is applied.
   - **Use my browser setting and ignore Namespace-level setting.**
      Applies your browser-level setting by default, overriding the Namespace-level Codec Server endpoint.
```

> 4. Enter your Codec Server endpoint and port number.
> 5. [Optional] If your Codec Server is configured to [authenticate requests](#authorization) from Temporal Web UI, enable **Pass access token** to send a JWT access token with the HTTPS requests.
> 6. [Optional] If your Codec Server is configured to [verify origins of requests](#cors), enable **Include cross-origin credentials**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Enter your Codec Server endpoint and port number.
1. Optional: If your Codec Server is configured to [authenticate requests](#authorization) from Temporal Web UI, enable **Pass access token** to send a JWT access token with the HTTPS requests.
1. Optional: If your Codec Server is configured to [verify origins of requests](#cors), enable **Include cross-origin credentials**.
```

> In self-hosted Temporal Clusters where you set up your UI Server, you can also set the codec endpoint in the UI server configuration file.
> Specify the codec endpoint in the UI server [configuration file](/references/web-ui-configuration#codec) as shown in the following example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In self-hosted Temporal Clusters where you set up your UI Server, you can also set the codec endpoint in the UI server [configuration file](/references/web-ui-configuration#codec), as shown in the following example.
```

After you create your Codec Server and expose the requisite endpoints, set the endpoints in your Web UI and CLI.

#### Web UI

On Temporal Cloud and self-hosted Temporal Clusters, you can configure a Codec Server endpoint to be used for a Namespace in the Web UI.

> ![Codec Server endpoint setting](/img/docs/data-encoder-button.png)

Reviewer 2: move this image down and replace with namespace creation image
